README.md, before:

# Clarity
As a developer, I've been tasked with creating a website that houses a mindfulness game built with JavaScript, giving the user a calming and pleasant experience.

Please see initial design UX document available [here](https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/clarity_ux.md) for further information on background and initial design brief, along with initial wireframe concepts [here](https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/clarity_wireframes.pdf).

![https://i.imgur.com/oXwifhH](https://i.imgur.com/oXwifhH.jpg "Site responsiveness")

---

## Features
- ### Site header
- Site name 'Clarity' is central to the page to be the main initial focus. This is to provide a memorable and recognisable name / brand.
- A small image of a lotus flower was included to provide a logo to run through the site and also be included as a favicon for the page.
- Header includes a styled hr element to add more structure to the page, rather than the header bleeding into the page without any distinction eg colour changes. The code was taken and adjusted in colour from [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9437400/css-fade-out-horizontal-rule-line-styled-div-effect-without-images) Stackoverflow page, linking to [this](http://jsfiddle.net/andresilich/fZNbK/1/) demo.

![https://i.imgur.com/kZ1zat4](https://i.imgur.com/kZ1zat4.jpg "Site header")

- ### Mindfulness JavaScript Game
- The game area is where the goals of the site are achieved.
- The game area has been built using vh and % dimensions so it will always be the main draw of the page. This is important because due to the nature of the game on a touch device, there can be no scrolling present, as discussed in the [testing file](https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/testing.md).
#### Theme Selection
- The user is prompted to select a theme for the game through both taglines of 'Where shall we unwind today?' and 'Select your theme'. The buttons are designed to display to the user that they are interactive by changing the cursor to a pointer when mouseovered and also via drop shadow changes. If none of this is clear to the user, they can also get this information via the help button at the bottom of the section.
- It is important to have the 'Select your theme' text change to match the selection, ie 'Forest', 'Mountains' or 'Beach' because the chosen image is covered via the frost image, so it may not be clear to the user that their selection has occured at all. 

![https://i.imgur.com/uknjy9M](https://i.imgur.com/uknjy9M.jpg "Game area")

## Future Features
### Future feature ideas
- 

## Testing
Separate testing file linked [here]((https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/testing.md)).

### Validator Testing
HTML -
CSS -
JavaScript -

### Unfixed bugs
Discussed on testing page [here]((https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/testing.md)).

---

## Deployment
The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master / Main Branch - Once the master or main branch has been selected, the page will automatically be refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. The live link can be found here.

---

## Credits
### Content

### Media

Commit message:

README user stories and future features

README.md, after:

# Clarity
As a developer, I've been tasked with creating a website that houses a mindfulness game built with JavaScript, giving the user a calming and pleasant experience.

Please see initial design UX document available [here](https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/clarity_ux.md) for further information on background and initial design brief, along with initial wireframe concepts [here](https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/clarity_wireframes.pdf).

![https://i.imgur.com/oXwifhH](https://i.imgur.com/oXwifhH.jpg "Site responsiveness")

---

## User Stories
- ### First time user
  - A first time visitor should be able to identify the purpose of the site through site name / any text imediately present.
  - A first time visitor should be able to find easy access to further information about the site, in this case via the help button.
  - A first time visitor should be instantly able to interact with the site and have the site display a responsiveness and an indication to the user that their actions have had an effect.
  - A first time visitor should be able to see which parts of the site they're able to interact with.

- ### Returning user
  - A returning user should have the same experience that they had on their first visit that's influenced them to return to the site.
  - A returning user should be able to select different themes for the page, altering the background image they'd uncovered last time.
  - A returning user should have easy access to a refresher on how to interact with the site.

- ### Frequent user
  - A frequent user may require greater customisation of the game, which could be implemented in a later deployment. This will be discussed in the future features section.

## Features
- ### Site header
- Site name 'Clarity' is central to the page to be the main initial focus. This is to provide a memorable and recognisable name / brand.
- A small image of a lotus flower was included to provide a logo to run through the site and also be included as a favicon for the page.
- Header includes a styled hr element to add more structure to the page, rather than the header bleeding into the page without any distinction eg colour changes. The code was taken and adjusted in colour from [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9437400/css-fade-out-horizontal-rule-line-styled-div-effect-without-images) Stackoverflow page, linking to [this](http://jsfiddle.net/andresilich/fZNbK/1/) demo.

![https://i.imgur.com/kZ1zat4](https://i.imgur.com/kZ1zat4.jpg "Site header")

- ### Mindfulness JavaScript Game
- The game area is where the goals of the site are achieved.
- The game area has been built using vh and % dimensions so it will always be the main draw of the page. This is important because due to the nature of the game on a touch device, there can be no scrolling present, as discussed in the [testing file](https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/testing.md).
#### Theme Selection
- The user is prompted to select a theme for the game through both taglines of 'Where shall we unwind today?' and 'Select your theme'. The buttons are designed to display to the user that they are interactive by changing the cursor to a pointer when mouseovered and also via drop shadow changes. If none of this is clear to the user, they can also get this information via the help button at the bottom of the section.
- It is important to have the 'Select your theme' text change to match the selection, ie 'Forest', 'Mountains' or 'Beach' because the chosen image is covered via the frost image, so it may not be clear to the user that their selection has occured at all. 

![https://i.imgur.com/uknjy9M](https://i.imgur.com/uknjy9M.jpg "Game area")

## Future Features
### Future feature ideas
- As mentioned in the frequent visitor user stories, a level of personalisation or customisation could be implemented into the game at a later date. For example, a tool could be made so the user could select the thickness of their stroke, or potentially apply a different pattern to it.
- This customisation could then extend into the user selecting different images to clear (at present the frost image), or different images to reveal. This could either be done via the addition of more theme choices, or via an option for the user to upload their own images.

## Testing
Separate testing file linked [here]((https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/testing.md)).

### Validator Testing
HTML -
CSS -
JavaScript -

### Unfixed bugs
Discussed on testing page [here]((https://github.com/CMecrow/CM-Project-2/blob/main/docs/testing.md)).

---

## Deployment
The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master / Main Branch - Once the master or main branch has been selected, the page will automatically be refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. The live link can be found here.

---

## Credits
### Content

### Media
